import keyword
print(keyword.kwlist)


Keyword	Description
False	Boolean value representing false.
None	Represents a null value or no value at all.
True	Boolean value representing true.
and	Logical operator that returns True if both operands are true.
as	Used to create an alias while importing a module.
assert	Used for debugging purposes, raises an error if the condition is false.
async	Indicates that a function is asynchronous.
await	Used to call an asynchronous function and wait for its result.
break	Exits the nearest enclosing loop.
class	Used to define a new class.
continue	Skips the current iteration of a loop and continues with the next iteration.
def	Used to define a new function.
del	Deletes a reference to an object.
elif	Used in conditional statements as "else if."
else	Specifies a block of code to be executed if the condition is false.
except	Used to catch and handle exceptions.
finally	A block that will execute after try and except blocks, regardless of whether an exception occurred or not.
for	Used to create a for loop.
from	Used to import specific parts of a module.
global	Declares a variable as global, allowing it to be modified outside its scope.
if	Starts a conditional statement.
import	Imports a module into the current namespace.
in	Tests for membership in sequences (like lists or strings).
is	Tests for object identity, checking if two references point to the same object.
lambda	Creates an anonymous function (a function without a name).
nonlocal	Declares a variable in the nearest enclosing scope that is not global.
not	Logical operator that negates the truth value of its operand.
or	Logical operator that returns True if at least one operand is true.
pass	A null statement; it does nothing when executed.
raise	Raises an exception manually.
return	Exits a function and optionally returns a value.
try	Starts a block of code that will be tested for errors while it is being executed.
while	Starts a while loop, which executes as long as its condition is true.
with	Simplifies exception handling by encapsulating common preparation and cleanup tasks in so-called context managers.
yield	Used in generators to return values one at a time, pausing the function's execution state between calls.